.. _nudomainfipacltemplateentry:

nudomainfipacltemplateentry
===========================================

.. class:: nudomainfipacltemplateentry.NUDomainFIPAclTemplateEntry(bambou.nurest_object.NUMetaRESTObject,):

Defines the template of Egress Domain ACL Template entries


Attributes
----------


- ``dscp``: DSCP match condition to be set in the rule. It is either * or from 0-63

- ``last_updated_by``: ID of the user who last updated the object.

- ``action``: The action of the ACL entry DROP or FORWARD or REDIRECT. Action REDIRECT is allowed only for IngressAdvancedForwardingEntry

- ``action_details``: Type of action to be performed when a ACL match criteria succeeds

- ``address_override``: Overrides the source IP for Ingress and destination IP for Egress, macentries will use this adress as the match criteria.

- ``reflexive``: True means that this ACL entry is reflexive, so there will be a corresponding rule that will be created by OVS in the network. False means that there is no corresponding rule created by OVS in the network.

- ``description``: Description of the ACL entry

- ``dest_pg_id``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``dest_pg_type``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``destination_port``: The destination port to be matched if protocol is UDP or TCP. Value should be either * or single port number or a port range

- ``destination_type``: Network Type - either PolicyGroup or Network

- ``destination_value``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``network_id``: The destination network entity that is referenced(subnet/zone/macro)

- ``network_type``: Type of the source network -    VM_SUBNET or VM_ZONE or VM_DOMAIN or SUBNET or ZONE or ENTERPRISE_NETWORK or PUBLIC_NETWORK or ANY

- ``flow_logging_enabled``: Is flow logging enabled for this particular template

- ``entity_scope``: Specify if scope of entity is Data center or Enterprise level

- ``location_id``: The ID of the location entity (Subnet/Zone/VportTag)

- ``location_type``: Type of the location entity - ANY or SUBNET or ZONE or VPORTTAG

- ``policy_state``: State of the policy. 

- ``source_pg_id``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``source_pg_type``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``source_port``: Source port to be matched if protocol is UDP or TCP. Value can be either * or single port number or a port range

- ``source_type``: Location Type - either PolicyGroup or Network

- ``source_value``: In case of PG this will be its EVPNBGPCommunity String, incase of network it will be network cidr

- ``priority``: The priority of the ACL entry that determines the order of entries

- ``protocol``: Protocol number that must be matched

- ``associated_application_id``: The associated application ID

- ``associated_application_object_id``: The associated application object ID

- ``associated_application_object_type``: The associated application object type

- ``associated_live_entity_id``: ID of the associated live entity

- ``stats_id``: The statsID that is created in the VSD and identifies this ACL Template Entry. This is auto-generated by VSD

- ``stats_logging_enabled``: Is stats logging enabled for this particular template

- ``ether_type``: Ether type of the packet to be matched. etherType can be * or a valid hexadecimal value

- ``external_id``: External object ID. Used for integration with third party systems




Children
--------

================================================================================================================================================               ==========================================================================================
**class**                                                                                                                                                      **fetcher**

:ref:`numetadata.NUMetadata<numetadata>`                                                                                                                         ``metadatas`` 
:ref:`nuglobalmetadata.NUGlobalMetadata<nuglobalmetadata>`                                                                                                       ``global_metadatas`` 
================================================================================================================================================               ==========================================================================================



Parents
--------


- :ref:`nudomainfipacltemplate.NUDomainFIPAclTemplate<nudomainfipacltemplate>`

